tags:: AWS-API-CLI, SAA

	- #### Common Environment Variables:
	  collapsed:: true
		- **`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`** – The Access Key generated from programmatic access.
		- **`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`** – The Secret Key generated from programmatic access.
		- **`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`** – The default region to be used when no region is specified.
		- **`AWS_REGION`** – Overrides the values in the environment variable **`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`** and the profile setting region.
		- **`AWS_PROFILE`** – The name of the AWS CLI profile with the credentials.
	- #### Additional Environment Variable Options
	  collapsed:: true
		- **`AWS_CA_BUNDLE`** – Certificate bundle to use for HTTPS certificate validation.
		- collapsed:: true
		  **`AWS_CLI_AUTO_PROMPT`** – Enables the auto-prompt for the AWS CLI version 2.
			- on-partial
			- Can also be set via configuration file `cli_auto_prompt`
		- **`AWS_CLI_FILE_ENCODING`** – The encoding used for text files.
		- **`AWS_CONFIG_FILE`** – The location of the file that the AWS CLI uses to store configuration profiles. The default path is `~/.aws/config`.
		- **`AWS_DATA_PATH`** – A list of additional directories to check outside of the built-in search path of `~/.aws/models` when loading AWS CLI data.
		- **`AWS_DEFAULT_OUTPUT`** – Overrides the value for the profile setting output.
	- #### Role and Session Environment Variables
		- **`AWS_ROLE_ARN`** – The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role with a web identity provider.
		- **`AWS_ROLE_SESSION_NAME`** – The name to attach to the role session. If left blank, the session name will be autogenerated.
		- **`AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`** – The session token value required if using temporary security credentials retrieved from AWS STS.
		- **`AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE`** – The location of the file that the AWS CLI uses to store access keys.
		- **`AWS_WEB_IDENTITY_TOKEN_FILE`** – The path to a file that contains an OAuth 2.0 access token or OpenID Connect ID token.
	- #### Metadata and Retry Environment Variables
	  collapsed:: true
		- **`AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED`** – Disables the use of the Amazon EC2 instance metadata service.
		- **`AWS_METADATA_SERVICE_NUM_ATTEMPTS`** – Number of attempts to retrieve credentials on an Amazon EC2 instance configured with an IAM role.
		- **`AWS_METADATA_SERVICE_TIMEOUT`** – Number of seconds before a connection to the instance metadata service should timeout.
		- **`AWS_MAX_ATTEMPTS`** – A value of maximum retry attempts the AWS CLI retry handler uses.
		- **`AWS_PAGER`** – Specifies the pager (pagination) program used for output.
		- **`AWS_RETRY_MODE`** – Retry mode AWS CLI uses.